README
------
Ten0clock
Thomas Bertolino, Steve DiPietro, Chris Seidl, Christian Ziemba

Installation / running:
1. Be certain that the most recent ADK is installed from within Eclipse.
2. An Android Virtual Device needs to be setup inside of Eclipse to run this program.
This is the best guide for achieving this: https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/index.html
3. From within Eclipse: File -> New -> Other -> Android Project From Existing Code
4. Right click the top level project directory and select "Run as Android Application"

Implementation Portions for this cycle of the project revolved around Database 
setup and GUI initialization.

To view what is currently implemented of the MySQL database use the following credentials:
Server address: 54.84.33.75
Username (read-only): test_user
Password: hopscotch90210

MySQL workbench was used for database development.

For the GUI implementation, the last two weeks of the cycle revolved around research and 
trial and error. The ADK was new to the team as a tool. After working through how to appropriately
 set up an Android Application, It was decided to focus on three distinct
pages and layouts for the GUI. The landing page and registration page are separate from the
innards of the application. Once a user passes these pages navigation is controlled via a 
drawer navigation design, and getting this set up was the main goal of cycle 1.

Navigation from Landing Page to Registration Page to the base NavigationActivity is available.
Various XML layouts were also developed during this cycle.
The application was tested on an Android virtual device. 

AVD Details:
CPU: Arm
Target: Android 4.1.2 (API Level 16)
Skin: HVGA
SD Card: 2G
Device emulated: Nexus 7 - 2013

Developed layout files can be found in Ten0clock/res/layout
Developed java files can be found in Ten0clock/src
Further Support XML files can be found in Ten0clock/res/*

For more project details inspect Ten0clock/AndroidManifest.xml

Contact cjz32@drexel.edu with code specific questions.
